hello welcome to techno mobile along with
your technology website spy articles and gifts to good
price
today we present our new flagship product
an alarm complete digital
that works by gsm
It is the latest model of the complete kit that we sell in our store
which incorporates a hector mule a card slot and jesé m
its power button
and how it also incorporates battery
if the electric current goes away we can see its operation without
need to connect it to the network
although then once we install it
we connect a transformer to the electric current
and as we can see in the beautiful design
which has put a large display case and digital illuminated in blue or
with your keyboard we can handle it well from the keyboard
we can make and receive calls with this alarm
incorporates two new model remotes that are smaller
mini
the smallest ones and to tempt the market with a very nice design
in the fifth and also incorporates
a volumetric sensor of movements
as simple as turning it on
i detect and movement
very important to say that the kid
no installation is needed, no wiring is needed, everything works
through radio the sensors communicate with the alarm as if they were
a remote control do not need cables
work by radio frequency
also incorporates a sensor for doors or windows
that its operation as simple as when
one sticks on the door and another on the frame and as soon as it is detached it turns on
the light
and the alarm already
if we realize and these
park paying the signal as it is catching the
the alarm is jumping in this case
and finally
Incorporates as a great high-power siren
what we send it already connected and everything to the alarm so that it only likes to have
what
turn on the alarm
all this mobile you joined them with zero send configured all sensors
of movement the sector of doors and ghana
the remote control
to make it as simple as opening the box
connect it to light
i memorize read our phone number because this alarm has the
great advantage that if the alarm goes off we can memorize up to five
phone numbers so that nokia month in case of an alarm jump we
would automatically call our mobile phone or our phone
fixed
I started the best thing that has this kind of alarms is that they do not have quotas
monthly
they have no maintenance, they buy their alarm
stop the meat
monthly payments
smith maintenance only towards one time investment
and for life
this is the star model of alarm
the full climate most modern equipment we have
the common point techno mobile
your technology website alarms spy articles and gifts to good
price
you can buy it today in our online store
a greeting